hey everyone it's me Henry motor coop
here from collection TV today I'm going
to show you take to the skies for pack
it has four planes from planes the
original movie not from planes Fire and
Rescue and on the back you can see
another set where you can get Sun wings
on Kowalski I'm gonna Viking and
Rochelle but this one um of course they
have spinning propellers which they're
still making a big deal about that even
though really you should expect that but
oh well anyway let's open this let me
get this camera so sometimes these
things are hard old but I kind of wish
they won't seem so much sometimes it's
really hard to open but I'm going to try
to do this as fast as I can even if I
have to lift this car because it's just
too hard finally get to the actual thing
okay we have a knack to the actual
themselves so let's take which he is
slightly different but I'll show you the
difference in a minute let's take out
okay now he was actually not even in the
wings around the globe so you should
really be in the set okay okay there we
go
like always you can still hook these up
to plane's playsets and especially the
newest line the action show here
but they were kind of a deal but I heard
that it might be having some fun
fire and rescue so and there's the last
one so now here we have all four of
these planes out of the packaging and
you get two ones that have never been
released before so Yellowbird and two
Tsubasa I don't think that's pronounced
right but I kind of like to call that
it's kind of so the name that I like
here's El Chupacabra it was cooking on
the turntable and one thing that I said
was different about l2 said he has his
black piece right here which was used to
be gray
so that's sort of an upgrade I don't
really know supposed to be like that but
but well so anyway next we have LG h 86
special I believe he is the exact same
as in the seven pack the moons on the
globe seven pack that came out recently
here we have two Tsubasa which you could
also find in a one pack he's probably my
favorite plane in this set I just like
the blue and the cool colors and design
he's number 23 and he's got the Rising
Sun he is he is from Japan and here is
yellow bird he's number 17 and he says
foot rudders on the side and arrow flex
and some other sponsors I really like
his checkered design and so these two
are Tsubasa and yellow bird are new to
me I have not had these before so that's
pretty good that there's two out of four
the planes are new well thanks for
watching this video and make sure you
like comment and subscribe see you next
time bye